Exercise 1.1 What is the function of the secondary memory in a computer?
a) Execute all of the computation and logic of the program
b) Retrieve web pages over the Internet
c) Store information for the long term – even beyond a power cycle 
d) Take input from the user

Answer: C

Exercise 1.2 What is a program?

Answer: A series of statements that do something (by instructing the CPU what to do).

Exercise 1.3 What is the difference between a compiler and an interpreter? 

Answer: A compiler translates a high-level language into a low-level language (aka, a human programming language into a machine learning language.) An interpreter "reads the source code of the program, parses the source code and interprets the instructions on the fly."

Exercise 1.4 Which of the following contains “machine code”?
a) The Python interpreter
b) The keyboard
c) Python source file
d) A word processing document

*Answer: A

Exercise 1.5 What is wrong with the following code:
1.13. Exercises 17
￼>>> primt 'Hello world!' File "<stdin>", line 1 primt 'Hello world!' ˆ
SyntaxError: invalid syntax >>>

Answer: 'primt' should be 'print'

Exercise 1.6 Where in the computer is a variable such as “X” stored after the following Python line finishes?
x=123
a) Central processing unit 
b) Main Memory
c) Secondary Memory
d) Input Devices
e) Output Devices

*Answer: B

Exercise 1.7 What will the following program print out:
x=43 x=x+1 print x
a) 43
b) 44
c) x + 1
d) Error because x = x + 1 is not possible mathematically

Answer: B

Exercise 1.8 Explain each of the following using an example of a human capa- bility: (1) Central processing unit, (2) Main Memory, (3) Secondary Memory, (4) Input Device, and (5) Output Device. For example, “What is the human equivalent to a Central Processing Unit”?

Answer:
1) The brain - I think "stand up" and the brain executes
2) Short-term memory - something you remember momentarily but lose after you re-boot
3) Long-term memory - something you remember after many years
4) Ears
5) Mouth

Exercise 1.9 How do you fix a “Syntax Error”?

Answer: Try again!